# EC2 Provisioning

## General
The blueprint generates public and private SSH keys. A Keypair is created with the public SSH key and attached to the provisioned EC2 instance.
The public and private SSH keys are generated during the blueprint installation. The keys are stored in the Cloudify Manager secret store. 
If the secrets already exists the new one won't be generated. It will allow us to reuse the same keys for each provisioned EC2 instance and not having each time a new set of SSH keys.

## Requirmennts
In order to run successfully the blueprint you'll need AWS access key id and aceess secret key. The credenntials to the AWS should have permission to describe, update, delete and created Keypair and EC2 instannce.

## Installaltion

Create secrets for for AWS.

```
cfy secrets create -s XXXXX aws_access_key_id
cfy secrets create -s XXXXX aws_aceess_secret_key
```


## Plugins
cloudify-aws-plugin Link and descriptionn what node type it coveres in the blueprinnt

cloudify-utilities-plugin Link

## Inputs

| Display Lable   | Name          | Type   | Description            | Default   |
| --------------- | ------------- | ------ | ---------------------- | --------- |
| AWS Region Name | region_name   | string | Select AWS Region Name | us-east-1 |
| Instance Type   | instance_type | string | Select instance type   | t2.micro  |

## Node Types

### RSAKey
the node type is responisble to generate public and private SSH keys.
The type is `cloudify.keys.nodes.RSAKey`. The name 

For more details on the type can be found in the link

### Keypair
Responsible to manage Keypair. The type is `cloudify.nodes.aws.ec2.Keypair`. 
The node type creates a key with the nname `cloudify_autogenerated_key` and the public key is innjected from the `public_key_export` runtime property of the RSAKey node type. 

### EC Instance
To provision an ec2 instance we are using the type `cloudify.nondes.aws.ec2.Innstannces`. The instance type is passed as an input and the image id is selected based on the selected region.

The images ids per region are
- ca-central-1: ami-033e6106180a626d0
- us-east-1: ami-03248a0341eadb1f1
- us-west-1: ami-01dd5a8ef26e6341d
- us-west-2: ami-024b56adf74074ca6
- eu-west-1: ami-0eee6eb870dc1cefa

## Capabilities

Two properties are exposed:
- `public_ip` - the public ip of the provisioned EC2 instance
- `priavte_key` - the private key that can be used to SSH to the `public_ip`. For the production usage Opt-in the `private_key` it can be retrieved from the secret store.